chore(Apple): Updates Features/Experimental Features pages (#10359)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/features/experimental-features.mdx

description: "Learn about the experimental features available for Sentry's Apple SDK."
---

> Do you want to try some new experimental features? Enable <PlatformLink to="/tracing/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#time-to-full-display">Time to Full Display (TTFD)</PlatformLink> to gain insight into how long it takes your view controller to launch and load all of its content, and <PlatformLink to="/profiling/#enable-launch-profiling">App Launch Profiling</PlatformLink> to get detailled profiles for your app launches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to try some new experimental features? On the latest version of the Apple SDK, you can:

- Enable <PlatformLink to="/tracing/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#time-to-full-display">Time to Full Display (TTFD)</PlatformLink> to gain insight into how long it takes your view controller to launch and load all of its content.
- Enable <PlatformLink to="/profiling/#enable-launch-profiling">App Launch Profiling</PlatformLink> to get detailed profiles for your app launches.
- If you use Swift concurrency, stitch together stack traces of your async code with the `swiftAsyncStacktraces` option. Note that you can enable this in your Objective-C project, but only async code written in Swift will be stitched together.
```

I think bullet points are easier to read for users and it'll also be easy to update if we add more experimental features

> If you use Swift concurrency, you can also stitch together stack traces of your async code with the `swiftAsyncStacktraces` option. Note that you can enable this in your Objective-C project, but only async code written in Swift will be stitched together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
